README.md, before:

# CGPA Calculator

This app is a **Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) Calculator** designed to help students calculate their CGPA based on their course grades and credit units. The app provides a user-friendly interface where students can input their course details, including the course name, credit units, and scores. It then calculates the CGPA and visually represents it using a progress circle.

## Key Features

- **Course Input**: Users can input the course name, credit units, and scores.
- **Dynamic Table**: The app dynamically updates a table to display the entered courses, their credit units, scores, and calculated points.
- **Edit and Delete**: Users can edit or delete any course entry.
- **CGPA Calculation**: The app calculates the CGPA based on the entered courses and their respective credit units and scores.
- **Progress Circle**: A visual representation of the CGPA as a percentage of the maximum possible CGPA (4.0), using a progress circle.
- **Responsive Design**: The app is designed to be fully responsive and user-friendly.

## Technologies Used

- **HTML**: For the structure of the app.
- **CSS**: For styling the app, including the use of Google Fonts and custom styles for the container, inputs, and buttons.
- **JavaScript**: For the functionality of the app, including handling form submissions, calculating CGPA, and dynamically updating the DOM.

## CSS Styling

The CSS styling includes:

- **Google Fonts**: The app uses the "Inter" font from Google Fonts for a clean and modern look.
- **Reset Styles**: Basic reset styles to ensure consistent padding, margin, and box-sizing across different browsers.
- **Body Styling**: The body has a background color of whitesmoke and uses the "Inter" font.
- **Container Styling**: The main container has a white background, rounded corners, and a box shadow for a card-like appearance. It is centered on the page with a maximum width of 470px.
- **Form Elements**: Inputs and select elements are styled to be block-level elements with full width and a margin at the bottom for spacing.

## Usage

1. **Add Course**: Enter the course name, select the credit units, and input the score. Click the "Add Course" button to add the course to the table.
2. **Edit Course**: Click the "Edit" button next to a course to edit its details.
3. **Delete Course**: Click the "Delete" button next to a course to remove it from the table.
4. **Calculate CGPA**: Click the "Calculate CGPA" button to calculate and display the CGPA along with the progress circle.

This app provides a simple and effective way for students to keep track of their academic performance and calculate their CGPA.

Commit message:

Refactor README.md to include SCSS usage and update usage instructions

README.md, after:

# CGPA Calculator

This app is a **Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) Calculator** designed to help students calculate their CGPA based on their course grades and credit units. The app provides a user-friendly interface where students can input their course details, including the course name, credit units, and scores. It then calculates the CGPA and visually represents it using a progress circle.

## Key Features

- **Course Input**: Users can input the course name, credit units, and scores.
- **Dynamic Table**: The app dynamically updates a table to display the entered courses, their credit units, scores, and calculated points.
- **Edit and Delete**: Users can edit or delete any course entry.
- **CGPA Calculation**: The app calculates the CGPA based on the entered courses and their respective credit units and scores.
- **Progress Circle**: A visual representation of the CGPA as a percentage of the maximum possible CGPA (4.0), using a progress circle.
- **Responsive Design**: The app is designed to be fully responsive and user-friendly.

## Technologies Used

- **HTML**: For the structure of the app.
- **CSS**: For styling the app, including the use of Google Fonts and custom styles for the container, inputs, and buttons.
- **JavaScript**: For the functionality of the app, including handling form submissions, calculating CGPA, and dynamically updating the DOM.
- **SCSS**: For advanced styling and maintainable CSS code.

## CSS Styling

The CSS styling includes:

- **Google Fonts**: The app uses the "Inter" font from Google Fonts for a clean and modern look.
- **Reset Styles**: Basic reset styles to ensure consistent padding, margin, and box-sizing across different browsers.
- **Body Styling**: The body has a background color of whitesmoke and uses the "Inter" font.
- **Container Styling**: The main container has a white background, rounded corners, and a box shadow for a card-like appearance. It is centered on the page with a maximum width of 470px.
- **Form Elements**: Inputs and select elements are styled to be block-level elements with full width and a margin at the bottom for spacing.
- **Animated Loader and Message**: Includes custom styles for an animated loader and a message box to improve user experience.

## How to Use

1. Input the course name, credit units, and score in the provided fields.
2. Click the "Add Course" button to add the course to the table.
3. The table will dynamically update with the new course details.
4. The CGPA will be automatically calculated and displayed along with a progress circle.
5. Use the edit or delete buttons to modify any course details.

This app provides a simple and effective way for students to keep track of their academic performance and calculate their CGPA.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/cgpa-calculator.git
   ```
